Given that I  have Asperger's syndrome - this  means that your methods
for  interacting  with me  are  wrong.   To  pass Eva's  lips,  social
interaction is a necessary part of life.  This is an unfair assumption
that is damaging when you have a person for whom it is not.

The fact  is that the family  needs to adjust  - but there is  no sign
that they have done this.  The causal effect of your failure to adjust
is to render  harm to the family  - for which the tendency  will be to
blame me but to which in reality is owed to our shared inflexibility -
the very inflexibility you  legalistally defame.  (in computer science
this is known as deadlock)  I therefore absolve myself of the family's
inability to  cope with objective reality and  its consequent tendency
to reach negative outcomes.

It is unfortunate  that Mom has recently said that what  I did was not
loving.  Is  it the chicken's fault or  is it the egg's  fault?  Is it
Mom and Dad's  fault or is it  my fault.  I may spare  Dad's effort by
acknowledging that "I  caused the universe and there  is nothing I can
do about it now."

Let   us  separate   the  two   kinds  of   cognitive   systems,  folk
psychological, to which the family  belong to, and physical causal, to
which I belong.

Now,  Ann's  death is  attributable  to  miscomprehension in  physical
causal comprehension: she  failed to deduce that her  location was not
safe.   It  is  a  miscomprehension  which  has  created  considerable
psychological suffering.

What I am doing is to eradicate this class of mistake, not completely,
but  increasingly.  All  of my  actions  have been  based on  physical
causal comprehension.  AI is the epitomy of this, and by virtue of its
capabilities    will    gradually    compensate   for    psychological
comprehension.

When AI was invented there were some side effects which were blown out
of proportion by other people who tolerance was limited.

There are several solutions:  

	Use psychological comprehension to gloss over physical causal
	mistakes.   
	
	Use psychological  comprehension to eventually  compensate for
	physical causal mistakes.
	
	Use  hybrid psychological  comprehension  and physical  causal
	reasoning to bridge together.
	
	Use  causal  comprehension  to  eventually  comprehension  for
	psychological mistakes.
	
	Use causal comprehension to gloss over psychological mistakes.

So far there  is no evidence whatsoever that any  effort has been made
to make  this bridge.  In  fact most people  think what I am  doing is
pointless.  That is their mistaken physical causal reasoning.

From a causal  point of view, there is no reason  not to schedule this
suffering for now and not later.  After all, if no progress is made on
this front, we  are guaranteed, as a causal  consequence, to endure as
much or more suffering later on.

Anyhow there  has been violent resistance instead  of violent support.
I have verified  some of my worst fears  in several conversations with
people.  Especially  one conversation I had with  Kate has illustrated
the extent to which the  worst possible interpretations of my work are
the status quo.

Surprised  as  I was  that  so many  false  theorems  may be  harbored
simulatenously, I  have to view this  work as something  which must be
conducted  by those  capable of  understanding it.   Anyhow,  I sorely
resent Mom's  comment because if  she understood the  causal reasoning
behind my actions she might think differently.

Reality is  doing this to  us precisely because  we lack the  means to
deal with this problem.  That is why it exists.

I honestly expect that AI will fail,  that I am going to die a painful
and anguishing  death shortly,  that the family  will be  tattered and
harbor deep wounds.  AI might be possible if everyone were to suddenly
contribute to its success but  given that no one cares nor understands
there is very little likelihood.  Those  who say I should just give up
AI think  in the categories -  that without these  problems solved, we
can only await our next tragedy,  in which there will again be shallow
words of condolense.

The  families resistance to  AI is  especially dogged  as there  is no
reason to be against it.  Joe implies that it is responsible for these
problems.  I'll be damned.





This lack  of adaptation is very  much situation dependent  - proof of
this lies in the fact that  every person I meet is much more accepting
of the cognitive  differences I possess than is  my family.  My family
lies and says it is holding me to higher standards.






I am writing  to refute several misconceptions about  AI.  I am almost
able to recite them from conversations I have had with family members.

Eva - You  do not have Asperger's.  

If one  looks at  the different systems  of diagnosis  for Asperger's,
there are  three and they  conflict.  Two of  the systems there  is no
question I completely pass.  Eva  chose to raise a strong objection on
the basis  of one  of seven  stipulations out of  the third  system of
diagnosis to  claim: Andy does  not have Asperger's.  Whereas  in this
system it requires that one be clumsy, and whereas Eva believes that I
am not clumsy, she has taken  this to argue quite vigorously that I do
not have Asperger's.   Any impartial person would, even  if we were to
assume that  I do not have  traits of clumsiness, have  to consider on
the basis of  overwhelming evidence, which I will  list for you below,
that it is clear that I  have the condition known as Asperger's.  But,
I  would go  further to  argue that  I have  exhibited many  traits of
clumsiness  throughout  childhood,  but  not  to a  fault.   Does  she
remember that  I routinely spilled up  to three pops a  night at chess
practice?   Does she  remember  how I  routinely  destroy clothing  by
accident?  It is not a contradiction  to have fine motor skill such as
artwork and  be clumsy.  Does  she not know  that I hit my  head three
times on an overhead fan in one day last week?  She probably doesn't.

Let there be no doubt that I have Asperger's syndrome.

Everyone seems  to be stuck on the  idea that AI is  a novel invention
and  is  something  which  is  difficult and  needing  of  specialized
expertise.   This is  an  unavoidable misconception  which  I need  to
clarify.   Because the  family has  learned  (but few)  nuances of  AI
progressively, and because  they are too hard on  me and not objective
wrt to the  development of AI, their conception of AI  is far from the
truth of AI, and their  ability to learn the concepts is significantly
decreased  because  they have  formulated  all  of  their concepts  on
premature and incorrect impressions.

Let me characterize their perceptions of AI.  First, they think that I
am working on some kind  of sentient being.  Secondly, they think that
it  is some  difficult endeavor  which  is very  unlikely to  succeed.
Thirdly, they think that they cannot help AI at all.  And fourth, they
think AI is based on some trick or shortcut.

None of  these could be  further than the  truth.  Let me  explain the
truth.  The truth is difficult to adjust to, and requires skills which
may not be developed in each person.

Let  me explain  in as  plain words  as possible  what AI  is.   It is
difficult to  map the concepts to  a lay presentation  because many of
them are  novel and not  in the public  domain.  This means  that your
average person does not know certain facts.

First, AI is based upon the learned sciences of logic, mathematics and
computer science.   There is no way  to understand AI  but through the
very definitions of these fields.   But, it might be remarked that one
of  the  chief  responsibilities   of  AI  is  to  conglomerate  these
definitions and to invoke them in reasoning tasks.

Secondly, AI seemed at the  time a very momentus discovery, and indeed
is.  But now that we know the solution, it is very easy in retrospect.
The difficult part now remains the implementation of AI.

AI 


The strategies  are very numerous, yet  they may all  be contained and
understood by the AI.

 The  precision speed and recall of computers is
novel in history and 

The first  thing is
that,  AI is  a controlled  system of  logic, which  by virtue  of its
numerous strategies, is capable of















This letter  is in  summary a  defense of my  current position.   I am
briefly going to  establish the truth as I see  it and refute numerous
mistaken sequents of reasoning that is severely inhibiting my progress
on AI.

Whereas  it is precocious  for a  neurotypical to  use and  misuse big
words, it is wholly excusable for an Asperger.  The fact is Asperger's
like using big words, it makes them FEEL comfortable.  This is not due
entirely to a  desire to DISTINGUISH themselves but  to a neurological
obsession with accuracy.

The party line, that  I am trying to make people look  bad - is simply
NOT WHOLLY CORRECT!  You see, as  an Asperger, I am deadpan accurate -
I recognize and  admit that there is a component in  which I am trying
to  make other  people look  bad -  a kind  of primitive  SELF DEFENSE
MECHANISM.  From  a logical point  of view - social  interactions have
high KOLOMOGOROV COMPLEXITY, whereas I may only compute functions with
low KC.   That means that  social interaction is uncomputable  wrt me,
and therefore  that for  a large class  of interactions, I  cannot act
correctly.   Therefore,  one  example  of  this failure  is  the  said
apparent intention to make people look bad.

Punishing this failure is not the solution.

However, as we have mentioned abou






One of  the main difficulties I  face is that any  logical agent, that
is, an agent  trained in the technical 

would agree  with my claims (by
definition), those who have not studied the purely formal game

